userstyles/reddit/README.md, before:

#Reddit userstyles

###reddit.css - BETA
![reddit](http://gniii.org/img/reddit2.png)

This style is, more or less, a port of the Stilig Style for 4chan (https://github.com/RiDeag/Stilig). This userstyle is also based on the userstyle for reddit by falac (https://github.com/phallus/user-styles/tree/master/styles-clean). If you like this userstyle, Go check them out! ;)

###reddit2.css - ALPHA
![reddit](http://gniii.org/img/reddit3.png)
This is my current style. It is an evolution of the previous one, it's lighter and cleaner IMO.

##Informations :

- the sidebar is available, when you hover the icon on the top-right.
- in reddit2, the list of subreddit is available, when you hover the "reddit" on the top left corner.
- some userscripts are perfectly implemented with this style (CRU, NSFW toggle, view images, etc.)
- NSFW links are showns with a red border on the left. SFW are blue.
- works with firefox, opera and chromium

##Warning :

- I didn't tested this style with RES enabled. So it might not work with this plugin.

##Installation

- for reddit.css, the easyest way (and with more options) is to go to userstyle.org : http://userstyles.org/styles/88599/reddit-stilig-mod

The hard way is :

- in reddit, go to : preferences > display options > disable "allow subreddits to show me custom styles", check "show thumbnails next to links" in the media section (and if you have some NSFW subreddit, uncheck the "make safe(r) for work" option)
- install Stylish for Firefox (https://addons.mozilla.org/fr/firefox/addon/stylish)
- create a blank style and paste this style.

Commit message:

update reddit stelig style -> BETA

userstyles/reddit/README.md, after:

#Reddit userstyles

###reddit Stilig - BETA
![reddit](http://gniii.org/img/reddit2.png)

This style is, more or less, a port of the Stilig Style for 4chan (https://github.com/RiDeag/Stilig). This userstyle is also based on the userstyle for reddit by falac (https://github.com/phallus/user-styles/tree/master/styles-clean). If you like this userstyle, Go check them out! ;)

###reddit Stelig - BETA
![reddit](http://gniii.org/img/reddit3.png)
This is my current style. It is an evolution of the previous one, it's fresher and cleaner, IMO.

##Informations :

- the sidebar is available, when you hover the icon on the top-right.
- in Stelig, the list of subreddit is available, when you hover the "reddit" on the top left corner.
- some userscripts are perfectly implemented with this style (CRU, NSFW toggle, view images, etc.)
- NSFW links are showns with a red border on the left. SFW are blue.
- works with firefox, opera and chromium

##Warning :

- I didn't tested this style with RES enabled. So it might not work with this plugin.

##Installation

- for Stilig, the easyest way (and with more options) is to go to userstyle.org : http://userstyles.org/styles/88599/reddit-stilig-mod

The hard way is :

- in reddit, go to : preferences > display options > disable "allow subreddits to show me custom styles", check "show thumbnails next to links" in the media section (and if you have some NSFW subreddit, uncheck the "make safe(r) for work" option)
- install Stylish for Firefox (https://addons.mozilla.org/fr/firefox/addon/stylish)
- create a blank style and paste this style.
