userstyles/README.md, before:

###Firefox configs
![Firefox](http://gniii.org/file/firefox.png)
Phosphene userchrome mod by me. Based on the style by [hdni](https://github.com/hdni/Phosphene).
This userstyle is compatible with Firefox Australis and doesn't need an extra theme.

New Tab page is by me. Js is by [simpleweather](http://simpleweatherjs.com/).

##/!\

Some of theses userstyles can be found on [my userstyle page](http://userstyles.org/users/88360). Check them out ;)

##LessChrome
LessChrome.css is an userstyle that hides the locationbar for Firefox Australis. I use it as a replacement of [LessChrome HD](https://addons.mozilla.org/fr/firefox/addon/prospector-lessChrome-HD/)

##Reddit
![Reddit](http://gniii.org/file/reddit.png)

##Pinboard
A prettier style for [pinboard.in](http://pinboard.in).
Based on [Prettified](http://userstyles.org/styles/47400/pinboard-prettified)

##Gameblog
![Gameblog](http://gniii.org/file/gameblog.png)

##Wikipedia
![Desktop](http://gniii.org/file/ddg.png)
(I don't use it anymore, so it won't get updated :/ )

Commit message:

Mirror link for reddit.css

userstyles/README.md, after:

###Firefox configs
![Firefox](http://gniii.org/file/firefox.png)
Phosphene userchrome mod by me. Based on the style by [hdni](https://github.com/hdni/Phosphene).
This userstyle is compatible with Firefox Australis and doesn't need an extra theme.

New Tab page is by me. Js is by [simpleweather](http://simpleweatherjs.com/).

##/!\

Some of theses userstyles can be found on [my userstyle page](http://userstyles.org/users/88360). Check them out ;)

##LessChrome
LessChrome.css is an userstyle that hides the locationbar for Firefox Australis. I use it as a replacement of [LessChrome HD](https://addons.mozilla.org/fr/firefox/addon/prospector-lessChrome-HD/)

##Reddit
![Reddit](http://gniii.org/file/reddit.png)
If the screenshot isn't visible, [here is a mirror link.](http://gniii.org/file/reddit.png)

##Pinboard
A prettier style for [pinboard.in](http://pinboard.in).
Based on [Prettified](http://userstyles.org/styles/47400/pinboard-prettified)

##Gameblog
![Gameblog](http://gniii.org/file/gameblog.png)

##Wikipedia
![Desktop](http://gniii.org/file/ddg.png)
(I don't use it anymore, so it won't get updated :/ )
